Open main1.py. Before running it, what do you expect this program to do? 
I honestly have no clue.

Now right click on the window and select “Run Python File in Terminal”. Click in the bottom panel, and answer the question. Describe what happened. 
Question answered.

What do you think the program did with what you typed?
nothing because it was just a question.

Open main2.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main1.py.
This is different because of the input and print sections that are present. 

What do you think the color = input() will do? 
This will change the color of something.

Run the program in the terminal and answer the question. Did the program do what you expected?
No it did not.

Open main3.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
It has a second print option and changes to be made.

What is happening on lines 11–14?
its adding more steps for the program to run. 

Why are lines 12 and 14 indented? 
to make sure we know they are important.

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you don’t capitalize Red?
it can run the program again. 

What does this tell you about "color"?
it is linked to the name of the file.

Open main4.py. Before running it, describe how this is different than main2.py. 
This one will allow you to run it no matter which Red or red you have.

What problem is this trying to solve?
which red can be used. 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you use some other capitalization scheme (i.e., “RED” or “reD“)?
It still turns the title red.

Open main5.py. What do you expect line 11 to do? 
To turn the bottom of something red.

What problem is it trying to solve?
Im still lost i cant find what it is changing. 

Run the program and answer the question. What happens if you add spaces before or after the word (i.e., “  RED  “ or “ red”)?
it does not have an error now.

Open main6.py. How is line 11 different than main5.py? 
it added the .strip to the bracket set.

What would you guess .strip() is doing?
Taking away somthing.

Run the program and answer the question. Is there another way of writing “red” that will break this logic?
No it does not matter the way you input red.

Open main7.py. Before running this program, how do you expect this to be different than main6.py? 
It added lines 14 and 15 which is the elif.

What is the purpose of line 11? 
To make sure the lower half gets color taken away from it.

Run the program and answer the question.
I ran the program.

Open main8.py. What is the purpose of line 11?
To change other aspects of the txt while it is a certain color.

Why are lines 12–19 indented? 
So that it does undermind the comands. 

Run the program. What would happen if line 12 were moved before line 11 (and no longer indented)? 
The same outcome happens everytime.

Make that change and run the program again. To end any Python program, you can type ctrl-c.
Program has been ran.

Open main9.py. What is happening on line 12?
to count the main commands of the color option.

What is the purpose of “count”?
To keep track of all the changes away from the main command. 

What is happening on line 22? 
Telling us the count of formating times

Run the program.
The program has been ran.


*Extra credit:* open main10.py. Add a comment to each line describing what it is doing (a comment follows a pound sign [#]). 

Commit your changes and push them back to the repository. 

Did you do the extra credit? 
No I did not.